Update STAR questions (#4360)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/peopleops/hiring/star-questions.md

## Questions

> Below are some sample questions that can be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some questions that can be used and how answers are evaluated.
```

## STAR Interview Questions

### 1. What’s the best team Slack or async culture you’ve been part of? What made it work?

**Assesses**
- Remote / async maturity
- Written communication
- Culture contribution (not just fit)
- Emotional intelligence

> - Fun with boundaries

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this means. Can we rephrase?

Author: ### Tell me about a time you needed to move fast to get something shipped or resolved.

**Assesses**
- Sense of urgency
- Bias toward action
- Results orientation
- Judgment under time pressure
- Pragmatism vs perfectionism
